# CS340

Luckily this project was not long enough to need to worry about maintainability and adaptability (either in terms of length of code, or the timeline of opperation over which the code needs to be supported). From project 1 to project 2, updates were limited to simple additions and corrections, at least in terms of the CRUD operations. Modular coding like those CRUD functions has proven useful for code that is easily copied, referenced, or reused.
Making my code readable meant following code ettiqute guidelines for naming conventions that avoid confusing function names, helpful comments, and line seperations for distinct blocks of code.
The problems I solved in this course I did so one step at a time. If there were core changes that other requests would rely on, or changes that I could only see the results of if I completed a basic visual element first, I started from the bottom up. For example, creating a visible table interface first before working on the chart or map that uses the data from that interface, or making buttons visible and clickable first before making them functional. I would also sometimes complete simpler tasks (like updating a header) before coming back to tasks that prooved tricky (like the data filters).
A company like Grazioso Salvere hires a computer scientist for these basic roles: As a programmer who initially creates or updates the code they need to function (or to make tasks managable, or more user friendly), and as someone who works with completed code to interperet results, troubleshoot problems, or manage security and updates as necessary throughout the lifetime of a software.
